Remark that trust mechanisms are out of scope (#172)
openid/oid4vc-haip: openid4vc-high-assurance-interoperability-profile-1_0.md

The following items are out of scope for the current version of this document, but might be added in future versions:

> * Trust Management, i.e. authorization of an issuer to issue certain types of credentials, authorization of the Wallet to be issued certain types of credentials, authorization of  the Verifier to receive certain types of credentials. While X.509 PKI is heavily used in this profile, how to establish trust in or how to obtain root certificates is out of scope.

Reviewer: It could be a separate bullet.

> * Trust Management, i.e. authorization of an issuer to issue certain types of credentials, authorization of the Wallet to be issued certain types of credentials, authorization of  the Verifier to receive certain types of credentials. While X.509 PKI is heavily used in this profile, how to establish trust in or how to obtain root certificates is out of scope.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Trust Management, i.e. authorization of an issuer to issue certain types of credentials, authorization of the Wallet to be issued certain types of credentials, authorization of  the Verifier to receive certain types of credentials. Although X.509 PKI is extensively utilized in this profile, the methods for establishing trust or obtaining root certificates are out of the scope of this specification.
```

> * Trust Management, i.e. authorization of an issuer to issue certain types of credentials, authorization of the Wallet to be issued certain types of credentials, authorization of  the Verifier to receive certain types of credentials. Although X.509 PKI is extensively utilized in this profile, the methods for establishing trust or obtaining root certificates are out of the scope of this specification.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Trust Management refers to authorization of an Issuer to issue certain types of credentials, authorization of the Wallet to be issued certain types of credentials, authorization of the Verifier to receive certain types of credentials. Although X.509 PKI is extensively utilized in this profile, the methods for establishing trust or obtaining root certificates are out of the scope of this specification.
```

> * Trust Management, i.e. authorization of an issuer to issue certain types of credentials, authorization of the Wallet to be issued certain types of credentials, authorization of  the Verifier to receive certain types of credentials. Although X.509 PKI is extensively utilized in this profile, the methods for establishing trust or obtaining root certificates are out of the scopes of this specification.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Trust Management, i.e. authorization of an issuer to issue certain types of credentials, authorization of the Wallet to be issued certain types of credentials, authorization of  the Verifier to receive certain types of credentials. Although X.509 PKI is extensively utilized in this profile, the methods for establishing trust or obtaining root certificates are out of the scope of this specification.
```

Nit, but generally i see scope being used as singular
